It's not that I just think with your ingenuity
If only I could get a better education
The future is definitely limitless
joke
I'm a fashion design genius with a bachelor's degree
You think everyone is like you
My mother died early
My father is sick again
There was no money left to send me to school.
Hey, I'm sorry.
If it weren't for the teaching stall back then
Don't talk about the past
But if you really feel indebted to me
I can compensate now.
What compensation do you want?
As long as you say anything
Really anything is fine
Then take off your clothes
All right.
You you what were you doing just now
Measure the size?
I don't know your size.
Let me tell you something.
You just take a size, why are you taking off my clothes?
That's because it makes it clearer, of course.
Why are you blushing?
Could it be that you think I did something to you?
Why is this man so cute when he looks shy?